I think the Navy as unique from the other branches because I think all
the other branches are held within the Navy. For instance, we obviously
are known for our our seapower and our ability to operate on the
waters. But we also still have, um, ground elements that can perform.
Is Justus Well, is the army such as in the Navy SEALS? And then,
of course, we have our aircraft that are, uh, employed on carriers
and airfields, just like the Air Force does. And then we still have
even some small boats that made you Cem activities that the Coast Guard
might participate in. So I think it's, ah, service that really encompasses
all the other functions that the other branches have.